DOC Tidy up writing style of performance section (#766)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/08_Performance/08_Read_only_database_replicas.md

# Read-only database replicas

Read-only replicas are additional databases that are used to offload read queries from the primary database, which can improve performance by reducing the load on the primary database. This is particularly useful for high-traffic websites with a large number of read operations.

> ## Benefits of read-only replicas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the benefits of read-only database replicas include:
```

This short list doesn't really warrant its own section

Author: Updated, and converted the bullets to sentence

> - By distributing read queries across multiple databases, you can reduce the load on the primary database and improve overall performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This first suggestion basically gives the same benefit as the second one - but I prefer the wording of the second one.

Author: Updated

// Code here can use a replica
```

## Monitoring replica lag

> It's important to monitor replica lag (the delay between changes on the primary database and their replication to the replicas) to ensure data consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replica lag is the delay between changes on the primary database being copied to the replicas. It's important to monitor replica lag to ensure data consistency.
```

Author: Updated

> Specific tools to monitor replica lag will depend on the database system being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific tools to monitor replica lag will depend on the database system being used and your hosting service.
```
e.g. regardless of what database you use on AWS they probably have their own standardised dashboard that abstracts it.

Author: Updated
